Alright guys, how are you? How are you friends?
Look at everything, today's opportunity is
in ICICI, Lomard ICC LADar, which
deals in insurance and
is a good company, a subsidiary body of a good company, ICIC, so
job opportunities have come up here, they are
in different cities, and here I will
talk about walk-in interviews, I will
talk only about walk-in interviews.
So your walk in interviews are from 21st to 29th
in Mumbai.  So people
who are in Mumbai can go and give it.
This link is attached.  Apart from Mumbai, it is available in other
places also.  Don't leave the video, friend,
watch the whole thing first.  All right.  What else?
Indore.  Come on friend, let's see the people of Indore.
Brother, if you are from Indore or even from
around Indore, then I will tell you to go and give the
interview.  There is a walk in interview.
Last till 28th.  12 to 28.  You go and
give the interview in this.  The package is from 1.5 lakh to 2.5 lakh.
Incentives are given separately.   I have to
give an interview.  Walk in pay walk in.   Do
n't apply anywhere.  Go and give it directly.
Get it prepared.
Going into full formals.  Don't go wearing jeans Vince.
Ok?  Going to formals.
See the resume below in the description.  There is a
video link on how to make a professional
resume, see that, see how to give an interview
and see here what is it, so
if you are from Indore, now see what you have to do,
here exactly if I talk then
Customer Relationship Manager is
for inbound voice, okay, so this will also be
your phone banking, it is for voice,
whatever customer you will
work as a relationship manager, you will work as a virtual relationship
manager and they will
get customer leads, you have to call on the leads, if there is
customer's information, you have to
call on that and connect with them and explain it to them.  We have to
understand their problem.  They have to
provide the best banking services.
And you have to pitch the product according to whatever their requirement is.  The
product has to be sold.  This is what happens.
So friends, I will tell you one more thing.
If you are looking for a job for the first time, then
understand this reality.  Whether
you are in a bank, finance,
insurance or any other industry
, most of the jobs that children get
as freshers are in sales.
And if you want to come into the bank,
go into branch banking, whether you
become a cashier or go to the help desk or
go to service or become a branch manager.
You have to do sales.  So I have a
suggestion for you.  If you
can do sales or can learn sales then only
plan to work in a bank.  Otherwise,
you do something else.  I have
made some more job videos.  Can be seen separately.
I have also explained
in which industries you can work.  Ok
?  If you don't understand, please connect with me.
All right.  Now what is there here?  Here you
can go directly to Indore and give the interview.  Go and give the interview.
Do a good job.  And if we talk about salary, then a
salary package of Rs 1.5 to 2.5 lakh has been
given.  And
graduation is mandatory here.  If you have done BA, B.Sc,
B.Com, B.Tech, B.Pharma, you are
eligible.  You go and give the interview and
prepare well.  Friends, I
will tell you one more thing.  We have a Telegram
group, please join it.  I want all the
people looking for jobs to
come to one place.  I keep making a lot of videos.
[laughter]
So sorry.  I make a lot of videos.
Plus, I get a lot of updates for
which I can't make a video.  So
I keep sharing that there too.  So
you join and remember that the group is
not for any kind of promotion or publicity.  That is for your betterment
and friends,
please search my channel, whatever I explain, I give the
link of everything in the proper description.  I provide
proper walk-in interviews and
great opportunities.
Right?  So it is genuine that all the
YouTube channels in India that
provide jobs are mostly concerned
only with their own views and their own interests.
They don't make any sense, friend.
Those people have no meaning
and when you see them, they do
not give you any link wink whatever they are explaining behind.  Let me tell you straight away
that I get jobs from ncry.com.   I
mostly get mine from ncory.com.
Right?  If it is not from some.com then it is
available from lindin.  I get some from my references.
So I make videos of everyone.
Ok?  And you know about it.  And I
also connect with you.  People
take gardening sessions from me.  People connect.  There is a
session on Zoom every Saturday.
Come join us and apply here.
And let us see where else there are opportunities in ICC load.
Ok?  This is
Indore.  It is also running in Mumbai and Thane.
You can go and give the interview.
Open this and see it completely.  And let us see if there is
any other opportunity apart from these in any other
city, let us check once in Pune.  The
unit is that of Sales Manager
for Pune location.  Ok?  And
no other information is given here.  Nothing else has been given.
So I want that if you
apply, I don't know whether you will come or not.  But
apply once.
Give a good resume and upload it in it and
where is it and see what
opportunities are there in which city which is different, alright
so see mainly I have two things, I have
two principles, okay two principles,
one is walk in interviews, second if you
open any of these, if
any email ID or contact number is given there
then you send your resume to them.  These are
two things through which you can receive a call.  If you want a
walk-in interview, you have to
go directly and give the walk-in interview.  So these links
are given, go and open them one by one
and apply.  And if you are from some other city
where there are not many job opportunities then
I want you to take up your
responsibility.  The real responsibility is to
earn money.  The real responsibility is to
make your own career.  Because after a certain age everyone starts
talking nonsense to you.  So I want that no one should point a
finger at you now.  Don't
say anything useless.  Right?  Your
parents struggled a lot.  Now it
is your turn to do something nice for your parents.
Ok?  So keep applying.
Whatever the problem, whatever the concern
, I am just here for you, friend.
Ok?  Come on, thank you so much.  Take care.   Take
care of yourself.  God bless you and all the
best.  Take care everyone.